V1 primitives select (#42)
Atom-Learning/components: src/components/select/Select.stories.mdx

import {
  Canvas,
  Meta,
  Story,
  ArgsTable,
  Preview
} from '@storybook/addon-docs/blocks'

import { Select } from './'
import { Flex } from '~/components/'

import { disableStitchesProps } from '~/utilities/storybook'

<Meta title="Select" component={Select} />

# Select

The `Select` component is a very thin wrapper around an HTML `select` element. It adds default styling and the `css` prop.

> `Select` need to be associated with a label for accessibility purposes, however before using this component consider using one of the provided `Field` components that are available. Use this `Select` to compose more complex `Field` type components.

Reviewer: Getting very picky now, but this doesn't read quite right to me.

```suggestion
A `Select` needs to be associated with a label for accessibility purposes, so rather than using the `Select` component directly in a UI, consider using a `SelectField`, which provides a `Label` and displays validation errors. Use this `Select` to compose more complex `Field` type components.
```

Author: Not picky at all. thank you, it needs to make sense to everyone, not just me
